Fix: declare types explicitly in packages to avoid overlapping implicit definitions (#66)
canonical/ds25: README.md

## Documentation

JavaScript documentation should be written with [TSDoc](https://tsdoc.org/).

## Monorepo & Types

The `@types` dependencies required by the monorepo packages and apps are by default hoisted in the root `node_modules`. However, this behaviour has two downsides : 
- It can lead to conflicts between the types of different packages, for instance `bun` and `node` export overlapping types.
- Consumption of types in packages and apps are not explicit, leading to hard to debug issues.

For this reason, we have opted for explicitly declaring the `@types` dependencies both in the `package.json` under `@devDependencies` and in  `tsconfig.json` under `compilerOptions/types` for each package and app. 

## Notes for developers

> - A hard-reset of this repo looks like this : `rm -rf node_modules .nx`. In some cases, you might want to reset the build output of packages with `rm -rf ./**/dist`.

Reviewer: Idea, not a blocker: maybe we should add a "clean" package script at the top-level for this. That way devs can just run `clean` instead of looking for these specific commands.

> - A hard-reset of this repo looks like this : `rm -rf node_modules .nx`. In some cases, you might want to reset the build output of packages with `rm -rf ./**/dist`.

Reviewer: This should consume the new clean command now:
```suggestion
- To clean dependencies and built artifacts, run `bun run special:clean`. In some cases, you might want to reset the build output of packages with `rm -rf ./**/dist`.
```
